[Music]
the movie i'll introduce to you today
tells a story about a retired assassin
being forced to go back to the criminal
path
but because he had violated the rules he
got hunted down by the whole assassin
organization
john wick 3 hi everyone this is harry
talking about movies
in the first two films because of his
dog being killed brutally john wick had
slaughtered the whole organization
he wanted to retire but his boss didn't
let him go easily
his own house was blown up after a night
then he killed his boss at a hotel
it was against the rules of the
underworld so he became the wanted
he only had one hour to escape the
organization issued a wanted warrant
there were only 30 minutes left john and
his dog were running wildly in the rain
he hailed a cab to go to the new york
public library unfortunately they were
caught in a traffic jam
john had to change his plan he gave the
driver a gold coin and told him to take
his dog to the hotel and entrust to the
front desk for help
he went to the library on foot he found
the book he used to hide here
there were a badge and a cross inside
there was also a picture of him and his
deceased wife
he only had one hour to escape now there
were only 10 minutes left
there were always some fools that were
not afraid of death an assassin tried to
kill
jon though john carried no weapon with
him he could still beat him on the spot
but it was hard to get no hurt at all
jon was accidentally stabbed in the
shoulder by the assassin
in a few minutes he found a doctor who
was active in the underworld
fortunately the doctor did not refuse
john finally the wound was sewn up
to convince john he brought no harm the
doctor proposed john shot him twice
to draw a clear line with the doctor
john shot him once
at that time people were shouting and
fighting outside john had to run away to
hide
facing with the new assassins john used
his unique skills on the spot
with the knives that he had carried with
him he turned several people into
hedgehogs
john finally cut those people off but at
that time he was run over
he had to change his plan again hiding
in the nearby horse shed
to say he was the top assassin wasn't
exaggerating whatever in his hand could
turn into weapons to kill people
even a tab on the horse killed several
people then jon stole a horse and ran
away
a group of riders chased after him john
knocked him out one by one
at that time the reward for john's head
had increased to 15 million dollars
though john was the top assassin there
were so many people wanting to kill him
he couldn't defeat him all so he came to
the ruska roma's base
but this organization was also
restricted by the high table john held
the cross in his hand
the boss of the base must fulfill john's
request john asked the boss to send him
to casablanca the boss agreed with john
his cross might be kept by the
organization with the help of the boss
john made it to casablanca when he
arrived
john went straight to the continental
hotel according to the high table
john wick could no longer have access to
this hotel but john had carried with him
the badge he found in the library
the manager's fingerprint was imprinted
on it in the second film of the
franchise we talked about the bearer of
this badge
you could order the person who left the
fingerprint on it to do anything
if the person you ordered doesn't finish
your request they will break the rules
the high table has issued
they will be sentenced to death john
wick successfully entered the
continental hotel with his badge
winston was also found in the door this
woman was one of the judges at the high
table because after john killed his boss
at continental hotel
winston didn't kill him and gave him one
hour to escape he had violated the rules
set by the high table
the adjudicator required him in seven
days he had to finish all affairs of
continental hotel or else he would be
taken down from his position as
continental hotels manager
the adjudicator punished director who
helped john escape because director was
pushed against the wall
as well as she admitted her mistake with
a good attitude the adjudicator punished
her lightly
but bowery king wasn't as lucky the gun
that john used to kill his boss was
taken from bowery king
bowery was also an iron head he didn't
think he was under the rules of the high
table he refused the adjudication's
request
it made the adjudicator feel that the
dignity of the high table was challenged
you gave john chapter seven bullets now
i give you seven knives to make you
abdicate
john met sophia his former friend at
john's request sophia was going to take
him to her boss the insignia and golden
coin maker to ask him to show john a
clear way of how to meet the elder of
the high table to find a way out for
himself
the maker told him that if he wanted to
meet the elder he should go to the
desert
looking at the brightest star above him
following it until he died
so he could see the elder but he
emphasized that everything was unsure
it was all up to his luck after talking
to john he turned around and caressed
sophia's dog
he wondered if she could give it to him
but he had forgotten that john had
slaughtered his whole organization
sophia refused him on the spot the maker
was also a rock head
he drew the gun and shot the dog even
though the dog was wearing a bulletproof
vest sophia didn't care
anyone shot her dog she would kill them
she pulled out her gun and shot the
maker
sofia was as strong as a lion her two
dogs were also not vegetarian
they rushed up and bit the maker though
they didn't kill him the rest of his
life had depended on a wheelchair
the gunfire alerted the guards here john
and sophia were soon surrounded
the two led two dogs opening a bloody
way out of the headquarter and drove
away without any scratches
sophia sent john to the edge of the
desert and said goodbye to him
john walked through the desert day and
night until he was too exhausted and
fell in the desert
an old man on a camel picked him up this
was the territory of the elder
the elder said that he could give john a
way out but from now on he would be a
servant under the high table devoting
his life to the high table
on the other hand the reason why john
tried so hard to survive was because he
wanted to remember his wife
his wife had passed away he was the
proof of her existence in this world
he wanted to live with the memory of his
deceased wife to show his sincerity
john cut off his ring finger with his
wedding ring and gave to ring as a token
to the elder
the first task the elder gave him was
going to the continental hotel to kill
winston
but before winston was killed neither
the expulsion nor the reward would be
revoked
in this path would john overcome the
difficulties it was still unsure that
winston would be killed or not
john just arrived in new york he had
been chased by a group of japanese
assassins
john didn't want to entangle with them
on the bridge the japanese assassins
attacked him at one but they still
failed to get rid of him
fortunately jon had arrived at the
continental hotel but zero didn't want
to leave
now there was only the two of them his
attitude suddenly changed
though he had been chasing him all the
way here he had been a big fan of john
for a while
they hadn't finished yet jon was taken
to see winston facing the person who had
spared him
also gave him time to escape how could
john turn his hand now
at that time the adjudicator also came
at first glance
these two didn't mean to follow the
rules the adjudicator turned around and
informed the high table to shut down the
continental hotel immediately
this safe heaven would soon attract a
lot of assassins after that the high
table also sent their assassins to the
hotel
though winston wasn't skilled in
fighting he had a basement full of
weapons
charon the lobby manager was also a
hidden assassin the two with guns faced
the high tables assassins
there was nothing that couldn't be done
with these two but with these advanced
bulletproof armors guns couldn't get
through
john and charon had to change their
weapons once again above the assassins
there were bullets shot
the continental hotel was cleared
quickly only the head assassin was left
this assassin's fighting skills were all
right he had a fight with jon in the
conference hall
though his skills were undeniable he was
doomed to die in his hand if he messed
with john
after the head assassin was killed the
adjudicator couldn't sit still
so many assassins were killed by john it
was a huge loss
she was sure she would be punished when
she came back was it worth the loss
why don't we talk it out winston
winston's request was simple
as long as he didn't abdicate everything
was easy to be put on the table
the adjudicator said as long as winston
killed john the high table would welcome
him back and restore the management
right of continental hotel
winston fired his gun at john john fell
from the roof
the adjudicator told her fellow man to
go downstairs and check on john's
condition
but there was no trace of john in the
street the adjudicator was in a panic
a top assassin like john escaping would
cause the underworld big trouble
at that time john had been pulled back
by bowery king
they were both persecuted by the high
table the deal was quickly set between
the two
what was exactly the high table the film
came to an abrupt end
john wick 3 was released in 2019 the
fourth film of the franchise is now in
preparation
watching three films in a row i found
that john wick had reached the climax of
the interpretation of violence aesthetic
john wick had a tragic life his wife was
dead almost everything reminding him of
his wife had been destroyed
the only belief that supported his life
was just to remember his deceased wife
at this time he had stood on the
opposite side of the assassin
organization
there was no way out how would jon
survive in the next movie
let us wait for the fourth film that's
all for today i'll see you next time